today we're going to be looking at a
mystery film called shimmer lake the
movie revolves around a cop
trying to investigate a bank robbery
that involves his brother
and a few other local people he knows
from the neighborhood
spoilers ahead you have been warned and
before we get into the video
please give it a like and subscribe to
the channel
the opening scene of the film is a
tracking shot of the lake
which gives us an idea about the nature
of the town small and simple
yet native the story is told in reverse
it starts on friday morning which in
reality is the conclusive day of the
actual story
when we see that andy the cop's brother
is passed out on the floor
covered in bloodstains in the basement
of his own house
andy wakes up and tries to clean himself
while he's changing his clothes he hears
martha's voice
and his wife reacting to someone
entering the house
she thinks it's andy finally returning
home but instead it's zeke the cop
and he looks worried zeke says hi to
sally andy's daughter
just before andy's wife sends her to the
basement to get a box of cereal
andy gets scared and rushes inside to
hide inside the storage room of the
basement
sally comes downstairs and slowly opens
the door of the storage
when andy shushes her and asks her not
to tell anybody that he's hiding there
in the basement
sally brings the box of cereal upstairs
when zeke asks her if she was talking to
somebody downstairs
sally denies it and andy's wife
unknowingly clears the suspicion by
saying that it must have been sally's
imaginary friend
melissa suddenly the landline rings and
andy's wife picks it up in a hurry
only to find out that it's reid who's
trying to reach zeke
reed is zeke's partner who updates him
with some information on the case
right at that moment we see that sally
is walking down to the basement again
with her bowl of cereal zeke finds it
highly suspicious and follows her to the
basement
zeke stops sally from entering the
storage room and asks her to go back
upstairs
zeke opens the door of the storage room
and finds nothing
he suddenly hears the sound of tyres
screeching and runs out only to find out
that andy has escaped by stealing the
neighbor's car
after escaping andy calls steph who's
still not properly introduced to us
and asks her to meet him at shimmer lake
zeke reaches reed's house to pick him up
along with a neighbor reid is frustrated
with the fact that he doesn't get to sit
in the front of the police car even
though he's zeke's partner
on their way in the car it is revealed
that zeke was shot in the shoulder on
the night of the robbery
moving on we see steph sitting by a
mirror checking up on the wound on her
face
the mirror has a small photo of edward
jr on it
steph is then seen packing clothes into
her travel bag which tells us that she's
about to flee somewhere because her
actions look suspicious
zeke and reed meet up at judge brad
dawkins's house with feds kyle walker
and kurt biltmore from the bureau
who are going to be assisting zeke in
the investigation zeke
asks them if they saw anything at
burton's place last night when they were
patrolling
to which kyle casually says that he saw
a naked boy running across the street
they entered the judge's house as they
discovered that the main door is open
they'd go inside and find out that judge
dawkins is dead
already we see steph get emotional as
she's seen standing by the grave of
edward burton jr
andy reaches shimmer lake with a bag of
money and waits for steph
the fbi agents and zeke discuss the case
and he tries to explain every possible
angle to them
zeke informs reed that he is about to
drive to burton's place and check if
there are any updates
steph is sitting by the window looking
outside she gets up and closes the
curtain as soon as she sees a car
approaching her house
steph reaches shimmer lake and meets
andy andy tosses the bag in the trunk
and as he goes up front to get inside
the car we see a hand of a man tattooed
state champs back to back
fire three bullets into andy in cold
blood
as we move ahead it's thursday when
judge dawkins tries to reach ed on call
but he's unable to be reached andy meets
steph at her house where she tells her
that dawkins has the money
steph hands him a gun and asks him to
kill judge hawkins so that they can get
the money
zeke visits martha and sally to check on
them zeke insists on dropping sally off
at school
zeke and sally have a chat in the car
where he talks about cleaning up the
mess in the town
they reach reed's place where again we
see that reed doesn't get to sit up
front in the car
steph is looking for something in the
storage closet when a box of ed junior's
shoes falls on the floor
which takes her back to the incident in
the past where a blast happens on the
shimmer lake
steph then injures herself intentionally
with the iron she just took
out of the closet judge dawkins sits
uneasily at his house
when he learns through the news that two
suspects have been confirmed by the
police
as ed burton and andrew sykes we learned
that dawkins was in on the robbery at
his bank because he was blackmailed off
some videotape
elsewhere zeke and the other cops
discover that chris who's suspected to
be the third guy in the robbery
is killed in some motel room while the
fets discuss why chris was a bit slow
we learned that chris and ed calls the
meth lab blast which damaged chris's
brain
put edward in jail and killed steph's
kid
regarding chris zeke mentions that a lot
of people even dated the same girl in
the past
hinting his staff zeke also mentions
that andy was the prosecutor on ed's
case and that he took a bribe to drop
the manslaughter charges off ed's name
when zeke and the cops arrive at steph's
house she tells him that ed assaulted
her
because she denied fleeing away with him
to mexico andy calls zeke and tries to
trick him by lying that he is in mexico
zeke asks him the truth about the case
of edward burton from the past
andy admits that he took the bribe zeke
tells annie to surrender or he'll
face severe consequences dawkins causes
lover home to have a little fun
zeke visits martha and sally at their
house to have dinner
judge dawkins is revealed as gay when
his lover turns out to be a young
teenage boy
andy sneaks into dawkins's house and
threatens him to hand over the money or
he'll have to kill him
andy is about to finally leave with a
bag of money but dawkins's lover boy
makes the situation worse by letting his
presence be known accidentally
the heat of the situation sees andy
accidentally fire a bullet into the back
of the judge's head
and he allows the boy to leave under one
condition that he keeps his mouth
shut the fbi agents walker and biltmore
are camping outside steph's house
looking for ed
agent walker accidentally spots the
naked kid about whom we were told
earlier
and he sneaks into the basement of his
own house and passes out on the floor as
he's
too exhausted we're now into wednesday
which is the day
after the heist andy and chris are in
chris's car figuring out the next moves
andy asks chris to stash his car in one
of the barns around and meet him at
rudy's scrapyard come night
reed again has an upset face when he
sees steph sitting in the front seat of
zeke's car as they come to pick him up
they drive up to steph's place and ask
her for information on her husband
meanwhile fbi agents walker and biltmore
make zeke outside of steph's home for
the first time
zeke talks to them and convinces them to
allow him to lead the investigation as
it's a local matter
zeke also mentions that they all were
together in their high school football
team
later zeke and the other cops head over
to chris's house to find out more on the
matter
but they find out nothing chris on the
other hand gets a call from steph
she calls him to meet up at a motel
after chris enters the room steph tries
to trick him into going crazy by
stripping in front of him and going for
a shower
out of the blue right at that moment
judge dawkins enters the room and
accidentally kills chris using chris's
machine gun because steph provoked chris
to attack
dawkins steph asks dawkins to hold the
money for a little while
until things cool off dawkins goes home
to his wife and asks her to go stay at
their cabin for the weekend with the
kids
he lies to her by saying that he needs
the house to play poker with his friends
dawkins feels guilty looking back at all
the sins he did as he gets emotional
he cries out to his wife saying how he
hasn't been a good husband to her
we're on to tuesday now it's the day of
the robbery
we finally see ed burton and his house
with his wife where his tattoo is
revealed
state champs back to back they quarrel
and fight over the past
and storms out of there because steph
kept asking him to take responsibility
for the death of her child
away from there the sikes is residents
andy grows an edgy behavior towards
martha and sally
as he's getting more and more anxious
about the heist that night
one of the enjoyable comic lights of
this movie is shawn once again upon us
as zeke has the company of ed burton
alongside him in the car this time
and that's when reed yet again has to
hop in the back advancing further we see
ed
is painting chairs in a workshop he gets
a call from judge hawkins who owns the
bank
he reluctantly gives him the codes to
the locker of his bank as part of their
blackmail
later andy and chris meet up with steph
and ed at their place to plan the
robbery
despite steph's attempts to convince
them to call it off ed tells her that
this is the only way to start a new life
zeke arrives at the bank for his shift
as dawkins is about to head home
before leaving though he hints to zeke
that he should without a doubt shoot the
person first
rather than arresting if any situation
like that may arrive in the future if
someone tries to rob his bank
ed andy and chris arrive at the bank
zeke is reading a book when ed and andy
break into the bank
zeke pretty easily gives himself up to
be a hostage and when ed and andy have
the situation under control
andy goes outside to watch the door
along with chris who's waiting in the
car as their getaway driver
zeke not only recognizes everyone but
also helps out ed with the codes of the
locker
on the outside a worried chris asks andy
if things can go back to normal once
this is all over
to which andy lays out the truth to him
inside the bank things get pretty heated
between zeke and ed
when zeke provokes ed by calling him
responsible for ed junior's death
zeke shoots him with the gun that he hid
inside his paper bag that he had his
dinner
as zeke uncuffs himself steph walks in
out of nowhere
and tells ed the truth about edward jr
steph and zeke are revealed to be the
real parents of ed
junior the whole idea behind involving
ed andy chris and dawkins in the robbery
was because zeke and steph
wanted justice against all those
responsible for their kid's death
zeke then puts a bullet in ed's head and
then he and staff
perfectly designed the crime scene as
they wanted to
steph fires a bullet into zeke's
numbered arm as part of their plan while
it is revealed that even
zeke has the same tattoo as ed and that
zeke was the one who killed andy
zeke walks out of the bank to scare away
andy and chris as they race away in
their car
zeke then calls off the bank alarm while
steph buries ed's body and his car
inside a hole they dug out at shimmer
lake zeke completes the plan as he lays
down alongside ed's blood inside the
bank
meanwhile chris and andy get pulled over
on the road by cops for speeding
but they're released without any
questions asked when the cops get called
on the radio for the same bank heist for
which andy and chris
are actually responsible reed is the
first respondent to the scene
and he calls the cops and the medics for
help zeke gives out his statement
and executes the last step of his master
plan
thank you so much for watching make sure
to like the video if you enjoyed it
and subscribe to our channel to see more
of these movie summaries